## [Well, I guess I'm a psychopath then...](http://www.forbes.com/sites/kashmirhill/2012/08/06/beware-tech-abandoners-people-without-facebook-accounts-are-suspicious/)[permalink](./well-i-guess-im-a-psychopath-then)
- 2012/08/07
- Life

...guilty as charged.  I pulled the plug on my Facebook account almost a year ago.  I had come to find that Facebook was a big time suck.  I'd sit down to do something productive - say, work on this site - and find myself looking up an hour later without having accomplished anything.  I wanted to actually *do something*.  What I've come to find is that it didn't really help a whole lot in that respect as I've managed to find other time wasters.  Don't get me wrong, I definitely waste less time, but I wouldn't say that I got most of that time back.  Instead, I've found I've forged more meaningful relationships with those I do keep in touch with.  I don't need to get every detail about your life, and if I did, I'd seek you out for it.  If I don't, next time we catch up, you'll give me the good parts - hopefully.  

You see, besides the relationship thing, it's made me realize that people don't know how to communicate anymore.  I'll ask someone, "What's new?" and get "Nothing, really." in return.  They stopped learning how to tell their story because they've let Facebook do it for them.  I'm just as guilty as the next person, but I'm getting better at it.  I'm becoming more social by not using Facebook than ever before.  If that's crazy then I don't want to be sane.